Here we go.
Prove that the strength is about the same as mine
As long as it is not as small as his heart
They might know their weaknesses.
No sacrifice
Brother Tao
If this goes on, my life will not be prosperous
You Tao can't be too arrogant
Xu Tao
Xu Tao, are you alright?
Ok
No one can touch my woman
It's all right.
The robot.
His mother scared me to death
Sir, our contestant is malfunctioning
So the result just now does not count.
No wonder there are no defeats.
Is that cheating?
Give money give money
If you give me the money, believe it or not, I will also give you a fault.
willing to admit defeat
Give him the money to Zhao Zixuan
How are you